**THE CLIENT WISHES NOT TO DISCLOSE A RECORDING OF THE INTERVIEW.**

Key:

I- Interviewer

C- Client

I: Hi, Mr. ***redacted***. Could you please introduce yourself?

C: My name is ***redacted*** XX, and I am the general manager of ***redacted***, which is a
***redacted*** company.

I: Can you explain the problem that you are facing as a general manager?

C: One of my tasks as a general manager is to calculate the extra wages
of the assigned employees. In the company, all the employees receive
their fixed standard working wages at the end of the month. After that,
I will calculate the employees' extra salaries, usually based on their
work time and overtime hours for the month. To do this, I manually
calculate the overtime hours of the employees using physical time cards
and then type them in the company's access database. The database will
calculate the extra wages that I have to give each employee.

I: So, the company has a database already?

C: Yes, it contains the employee's private information as well as their
wages. Each employee is paid differently, even for working the same
overtime hours, and this amount is recorded in the database.

I: in that case, why is this still inefficient?

C: The database helps, but in the end, I will still have to manually
calculate the overtime hours and type them one by one. I am assigned to
around 60 staff employees, so I have to sit down for 5 hours straight
every month doing this manual calculation that can otherwise be done by
a program. If the employees want to look at their overtime hours before
the month is over, they have to do so by manually calculating as well.
This is quite time-consuming.

I: So, how does the attendance system work?

C: When the employees enter or exit the factory, their physical time
card will be outside the entrance or exit gates. They will take this
card and run it through a punch card machine that will place a
timestamp, which indicates their entrance or exit time.

I: Do you think that making this attendance system digital can be more
productive because it will allow for programs to calculate overtime
hours automatically?

C: Yes.

I: Do you think it is possible then, to station maybe an iPad on the
entrance or exit gates instead of physical time cards? The employees can
then record their work time by maybe having a given account and entering
that into the iPad.

C: Yes, they can maybe just enter their username or password into the
iPad, and it will record the time. This is possible, and more difficult,
but will be beneficial in the long run. I think Apple devices is also
best because nearly all employees I have all have iPhones.

I: I agree as it will allow employees to view their overtime hours via
their mobile device, maybe if they are also users of the program or app.

C: I will need to have access to all the employees' information, though,
because there are cases when I have to change the work time data. For
example, if an employee forgets to log in, he will have to tell me for
me to adjust it manually. Also, I prefer to look at the employee
information on a tablet. I have an iPad if that works.

I: Ok. What you need from the employees are their work time logs, and
the calculated overtime hours?

C: Yes, but some exceptions need to be handled. Some of them are just an
amount multiplied by their overtime hours. Some employees have fixed
extra wages. Some have zero additional wages. Some have a diligence pay
instead, meaning that they get an extra fixed salary for no absences, a
lesser wage for 1 and 2 absence/s, zero for three or more absences. Some
of them have their overtime included in their salary, meaning that there
are no overtime deductions.

I: Ok, the program can handle all these exceptions. Can you give a
detailed explanation of how the overtime hours are calculated?

C: For the normal extra wages, you need to find the overtime hours of
each day first. This can be negative, depending on the employee's
supposed work hours. After hours of each day of the month are
calculated, you need to add them all together. If the total overtime is
negative, the employee will just receive no overtime. Otherwise, the
overtime hours are only the calculated one. Besides overtime-included
employees, an employee works from 7 am to 3 pm on weekdays, and 7 am to
1 pm on weekends. Overtime-included employees work from 7 am to 5 pm.

I: Ok, is there anything else you would like to add?

C: No.

I: Ok, thank you very much for your time.
